So now you know what we need to compute a TTC estimate with a camera.
It's basically a four-step process.
First, a bounding box is needed around the preceding vehicle that enables
us to focus properly on the relevant object in the image.
Second, a set of key points is necessary for every image that arise from the camera.
Third, we need to match key points between
successive frames to establish correspondences.
Then in the last step, we can take a look at relative distances to changes between
correspondences within this bounding box and computer stable estimate of the TTC.
The problem with the code we have so far is that
the influence of outliers might be really large.
Now, imagine an erroneous correspondence which is way
off and distorts the mean distance ratio we are using so far.
It would be much, much better to use the median
instead to mitigate this influence. So that's your job now.
If you don't know what the median is, go research it,
and then come back and replace the mean distance ratio
in the code with a median distance ratio.
But don't forget to consider an even and an odd number of
correspondences which need to be treated differently when computing the median.
So see you in the next section which is about assembling
the building blocks of our entire detection framework. See you there.